How could this be?
My Ye Hou Mansion
How come?
How did that happen?
Lord Dragon Lord
Please forgive us
Let me do anything
Yes, Lord have mercy
Heaven's sins are forgiven
Do it yourself
Ye family generals all died
All because you violated the way of heaven
It must be you.
It's you who's doing it
Kill him, he's the hand of everything
I'll kill you!
Be careful
Uh-huh.
No, I can't even catch one of his moves
This wave is real
No Strike
It's better than you.
Who are you?
Burning him
No no you can't kill me
I am the patron saint of the masses
I am Tianzi Qin's Five Kills
I am the son of the Marquis of the Southern Army
You don't you can't kill me
offend the way of heaven
Anger all beings
I don't kill you, I'm sorry for the person you killed
The Son of Heaven arrives